c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Wcf.dll.config
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Wcf.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Wcf.pdb
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Business.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Entity.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Core.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Business.pdb
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Entity.pdb
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\BusStations.Core.pdb
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\obj\Debug\BusStations.Wcf.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\obj\Debug\BusStations.Wcf.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\obj\Debug\BusStations.Wcf.pdb
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\alper\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BusStatations\BusStations.Wcf\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
